README.md, before:

Camera3D - 3D Library for [Processing](http://processing.org)
=============================================================

[Processing](http://processing.org) is a Java application popular with artists and creative technologists like myself. Processing allows users to build extensions to expand the application's features and to share those tools with the community. I built one such extension called [Camera3D](http://ixora.io/projects/camera-3D/). My code enables users to employ various 3D algorithms with ordinary 3D OpenGL processing sketches to provide viewers with an illusion of depth. The collection of techniques include anaglyphs (think red-cyan glasses), split frames (think 3D TVs) and split depth optical illusions.

The key insight behind Camera3D is that a Processing sketch's draw method can be called multiple times per frame. This opens up many opportunities to use Processing in new ways. Have a look at the [Camera3D](http://ixora.io/projects/camera-3D/) documentation to learn more.

Commit message:

change license to mit apache

README.md, after:

# Camera3D - 3D Library for [Processing](http://processing.org)

[Processing](http://processing.org) is a Java application popular with artists and creative technologists like myself. Processing allows users to build extensions to expand the application's features and to share those tools with the community. I built one such extension called [Camera3D](http://ixora.io/projects/camera-3D/). My code enables users to employ various 3D algorithms with ordinary 3D OpenGL processing sketches to provide viewers with an illusion of depth. The collection of techniques include anaglyphs (think red-cyan glasses), split frames (think 3D TVs) and split depth optical illusions.

The key insight behind Camera3D is that a Processing sketch's draw method can be called multiple times per frame. This opens up many opportunities to use Processing in new ways. Have a look at the [Camera3D](http://ixora.io/projects/camera-3D/) documentation to learn more.

## Contributing

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be
dual licensed as below, without any additional terms or conditions.

## License

* Copyright (c) 2012-2023 Jim Schmitz [jim@ixora.io]
* Copyright (c) 2011-2015 Elie Zananiri
* Copyright (c) 2008-2011 Andreas Schlegel

This project is licensed under either of

* [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) ([`LICENSE-APACHE`](LICENSE-APACHE))
* [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) ([`LICENSE-MIT`](LICENSE-MIT))

at your option.

The [SPDX](https://spdx.dev) license identifier for this project is `MIT OR Apache-2.0`.
